Labeled selectors (#7097)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/settings.proto.sk.md

| Field | Type | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----------- | 
| `discoveryNamespace` | `string` | This is the namespace to which Gloo controllers will write their own resources, e.g. discovered Upstreams or default Gateways. If empty, this will default to "gloo-system". |

> | `watchNamespaces` | `[]string` | Use this setting to restrict the namespaces that Gloo controllers take into consideration when watching for resources. In addition you can restrict namespaces using the `watchNamespacesLabelSelectors`. Namespaces that meet `watchNamespacesLabelSelectors` will be watched in addition to the `watchNamespaces`. In an usual production scenario, RBAC policies will limit the namespaces that Gloo has access to. If `watchNamespaces` contains namespaces outside of this whitelist, Gloo will fail to start. If not set, this defaults to all available namespaces. Please note that, the `discoveryNamespace` will always be included in this list. |

Reviewer: Some rephrasing suggestions.

```suggestion
| `watchNamespaces` | `[]string` | Set the names of namespaces for Gloo Edge to watch for resources. You can also set namespaces by label with the `watchNamespacesLabelSelectors` field. Gloo Edge watches all of the namespaces that you set in both this `watchNamespaces` and `watchNamespacesLabelSelectors` fields. In a usual production scenario, you use RBAC policies to limit the namespaces that Gloo has access to. If you enter namespaces in this field that Gloo does not have access to, Gloo starts to fail. If not set, this value defaults to all available namespaces. Note that the `discoveryNamespace` is always watched. |
```

Reviewer: > Please note that, the `discoveryNamespace` will always be included in this list.

For this, does that mean you need to always include `discoveryNamespace`? Or, even if you don't, Gloo still watches that one (which is what I assumed in my suggestion).

> | `watchNamespacesLabelSelectors` | [[]selectors.core.gloo.solo.io.Selector.Expression](../core/selectors/selectors.proto.sk/#expression) | Adding these label filters will restrict the namespaces that Gloo controllers take into consideration when watching for resources. Namespaces that meet the label filter criteria will be added to the list of namespaces to watch. This includes any namespaces added with `watchNamespaces`. If `watchNamespaces` is set to [""](all namespaces), which is the default setting, then only those namespaces that meet the label criteria will be watched. In an usual production scenario, RBAC policies will limit the namespaces that Gloo has access to. If the namespaces that fit the filtering criteria are outside of this allowlist, Gloo will fail to start. Please look at [set based labels filtering](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#set-based-requirement) and [equity based label filtering](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#equality-based-requirement) both of which can be used to construct the selector filtering. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `watchNamespacesLabelSelectors` | [[]selectors.core.gloo.solo.io.Selector.Expression](../core/selectors/selectors.proto.sk/#expression) | Set the labels of namespaces for Gloo Edge to watch for resources. Gloo watches any namespace with this label, along with any namespace set in the `watchNamespaces` field. If you use this label selector along with the default value of `watchNamespaces`, which is all namespaces `[""]`, then Gloo watches only namespaces that match this label selector. In a usual production scenario, you use RBAC policies to limit the namespaces that Gloo has access to. If you enter namespaces in this field that Gloo does not have access to, Gloo starts to fail. For more information about label selectors, refer to [set-based labels filtering](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#set-based-requirement) and [equity-based label filtering](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#equality-based-requirement) in the Kubernetes docs. |
```
